check it out everyone it's the
first-ever iPod Classic whoa whoa nah my
hey you idiot
he got her all wrong that's a sixth
generation wine you silly goof oh I
can't believe you own an iPod Channel me
this is the first one you know how you
can tell the middle spins mate check
that out hey so I that's why you're
totally wrong mate eh why'd you delete
your channel or something I get to utter
my favorite Australian phrase yeah you
know so you're right this is a sixth
generation but this is the first guy to
be called classic the iPods before you
know like you got the fit girl you got
the fifth-gen people call it the iPod
video they called the color screen
fourth gens the photo this was the
classic and for me the term classic is
the old-school way of doing things you
know not bad I mean that comes with all
the respect that it deserves when the
fifth gen was out no life this was the
must-have phone at school I was envious
of everyone at had one Oh delicious
camera four delicious one megapixel
photos you ready
yeah look at all the buttons and
depending on what you're doing they do
different things but this is genuinely
cool you ready Auto selfie cam now
satisfying so you can't do that with the
new razors when you hang up when you
make like so what you can do is you can
just gently close it with respect okay
please forgive the condition of my hands
you know I was trying to fix the engine
mounts on my old motorbike and let's
just say the motorbike won so phones
were super complicated and the clicker
was just genius but the thing was all
these guys have to do is shoot noise out
of its hole and show pretty images on
its screen you didn't have to type
anything using the click wheel and you
couldn't type anything actually right up
until the 5.5 jet look I can't search
yeah what a feature am i right these
came out in 2007 you know Apple did
release something else that yeah I mean
you know it was pretty low-key launch
the iPhone and so a lot of people were
keen to try that out and Apple released
the touch these were on the Shelf
side-by-side and let me tell you they
sold so many of these I couldn't give a
damn to be honest I just I just didn't
get it
Apple wasn't selling it like a beefed-up
iPod because is this amazing video
player who full screen you know like
it's got Wi-Fi and you can surf the net
on it and actually like a totally
reasonable way instead they were selling
it as like a nerfed
iPhone it was an iPhone without the
phone and it was the right thing to do
honestly because everyone was what
whipped up about the iPhone and wanted
to try it but the thing is while this
inherited all the power of an iPhone it
also took on the disadvantages and it's
as plain as this so this one's got 120
gigs in it pretty stout I mean that's
that's a lot of music let me tell you so
these are comparable in price and let me
show you know so to me the iPod Touch
was a very beautiful I mean don't get me
wrong it's Sofia and it's actually made
the same way they were really going for
the same thing is a very beautiful made
and engineered highly capable iPod Nano
that's just that's just what it was to
me because come on I find guys how long
we stuck at 16 gigs for we check this
out the original bent phone iPhone 6 Mac
this has 16 get storage in it I can hear
all the Android people chuckling behind
their galaxy s3s that was a big killer
for me was just that the storage was
just too small especially for how
expensive it was you could get these in
32 gigs but they were literally tied for
most expensive iPod you could buy it
brand new
so if Apple did deem this as classic the
old-school way of doing things with the
click wheel you know it took six years I
mean they made a lot of progress the
middle spins which is super fun because
you know it means it's just so old and
manky but the problem was that dirt
would get in there and get grindy and
see the buttons they sit proud of the
surface meaning if you lean up against
anything it would just start pressing
all the buttons and that's actually
super annoying so you always go make
sure you have that hold switch on
basically the iPhone was the one that
took over Apple's really struggling to
sell these was who and when they
announced in 2015 that they were getting
rid of them you know you look at the
iPhone Elevens got tapped awake raised
to wake
crazy camera
and connectivity you know the face ID
and such and that's actually looking
really old-school now I mean with the
new folding phones and you can have
content that goes up at a right angle
you know what is a classic touchscreen
device so it took six years for Apple to
call that classic you're considering
that the iPhone X was where we're
basically still are you know what was
six years before the X the iPhone five
this is a very poorly example I'm very
sorry no it does not work look it's got
a dedicated home button having a
headphone jack was not up for question
of course it had one and the very first
iPhone to give us the lightning
connector
I like the lightning connector if you
look at that what a chunk of the 30 was
on these modern smartphones simple
camera arrangement it's got a flash that
was nice you know bringing in the really
old guys you can see the DNA's right
there and this was the very last of the
line with the old school looking iOS
because after this was the 5s and then
we got the touch ID and then we had
slow-mo cameras individual parts of the
iPhone started doing more stuff this is
when it was just so simple so what I'm
gonna lay down now
here's a brand new Apple device only
just got this ordered 2020 it's got an
a-10 fusion chip it does autumn entered
reality it's got raised to 100% support
for air pods and Airport Prost because
it runs iOS 13
this is no way a brand new Apple device
like this thing is old by today's
standards this is almost 6 years old
touch ID this has Apple pay by the way
and look at the size of the screen I'll
tell you I really wanted this this is
the very first iPod to finally knock the
iPod Classic off the top they made the
5th gen iPod Touches and the most get
was 128 but that doesn't pit the 160 gig
classics it meant if you wanted the
biggest music player that was an iPod
you still had to buy like a
twelve-year-old device this guy has 256
gigs it's not like a dinky micro SD this
is properly engineered to be a 256
gigabyte iPod and you are know the best
bit because I know like with iPod
collecting if it's got engraving on it
it's usually worth less it's not
worthless it's just worth less cuz got
some ones too
phone number scratching - or some like
live laugh love kind of thing you know I
know that engravings just kind of take a
lot of the value away I had them scratch
the word dingus in it this is my eye bud
I'm not selling this and I feel I can
say with confidence that this is classic
because before I bought it I checked out
some reviews and the big complaints were
that it's got the small screen
there's no touch ID and that literally
this design has been left unchanged
since 2012 the 5th 6th and 7th gens
almost look exactly the same except this
doesn't have the little keyring lanyard
thing on the bottom which is a bummer
which I can bring that back but mine
does say dingus so that's fine my review
was like all for the money you must will
get a small Android phone and that kind
of bugs me because this isn't a phone
it's an iPod you know a lot of people
ask why I still use iPhones I work
self-employed I work as a musician I
play the drums being self-employed meets
you are always at work I get gig offers
at like 11:30 midnight whatever and you
got to be the first to answer and many
times I am not the first to answer
working as a musician genuinely is a
gigging economy first one gets it and so
my phone is super busy and so working as
a musician I listen to music so much all
the time that usually a lot of us will
sit in the current absolute silence
meaning that when I actually do want to
listen to music I really want to listen
to music and it really stinks when some
stupid Robo caller scam whatever rings
your phone and you have to pick it up
because I've gotten bookings from
international artists who use big long
funky looking numbers and then I don't
want to listen music I found I was
listening to music a lot less and what I
love most of all is no one can call you
on one of these when I'm listening to
music I am the one who presses pause no
one can reach in and do that and this is
no different if you just forget that it
looks like an old phone but this is
literally my favorite iPod ever and I
quizzed you guys on YouTube community
I asked what kind of features would you
like to see if Apple made a new iPod
Classic and yet I use that term classic
and the big ones were bluetooth
streaming services
and a headphone jack let's start with
that one end a story you know why this
is the classic because this is a brand
new Apple devices has for Apple Care
warranty and it has a headphone jack
it's the only new Apple device that's
pocketable that you can get with a
headphone jack in it and look at then
this thing is my sweet spot for an iPod
is 256 gigs I've got like a 77,000 song
music library which I know I work as a
musician I've been collecting a long
time but 256 is good that's like a good
stash of music that I can take with me
cuz the big thing about an iPod is that
it's an offline device and I know a lot
of you guys iron in situations where you
know you need an offline device for
instance I was touring in Queensland
often the main groves and phone signal
was so rare out there that I'm sure you
could trade a sandwich for a snapchat
post it was nuts and then we realized
that we were nowhere near a wall outlet
our phones all of a sudden very
important because we're out in the
jungles of nowhere and we might actually
need to call for help our phones will
get long battery and let me tell you
watch and track on this in that moment
when we'll kill on four hours of time
before it was our turn to sound check
emails have been 16 IMAX's combined this
was a savior and teaching music in
schools if you're lucky you get a
soundproof room which is awesome it
sounds really nice in there but
sometimes that just snatches all the
phone signal out of the room students
will have their music exams they got
coming up and they need their player
long music to play along with it and no
kidding my very last reserve was to have
my ipod that had the tunes on here to
play but it was also a fat32 expandable
storage that we could plug into the
school computer and they can take the
exam music if they absolutely needed to
and I had to call upon this strategy
twice and let me tell you when you got
year twelves hoping to go into uni and
it's their final music exam this thing
was just and to call it a classic is a
big bold claim and to stamp this point
home put it up against the darling the
fifth gen you know as a music player go
get them you watch this how fast this
thing shuffles music boom and you can
check out what's coming up next this is
so good and look you can actually move
them around you know I don't want that
one yeah let's and walking around
outside it's so hard to see these color
displays when the Sun hits them these
guys are full crank you can see them
just fine hey Shrek ain't bad I mean
it's a bit dim can we brighten it up
yeah that's as bright she goes I don't
know about you but that's actually a
really good sized screen for just
watching stuff on and the chin and the
bezel are actually really good for
holding you know new phones you can't
touch anywhere every where's a screen
but this is just like this this thing
syncs to my 2007 iMac it's so cool to
have this guy and this guy
syncing the exact same libraries that
support if you ask me a 2007 iMac still
talking to current devices this thing
has a OS 13 honor so of course it's got
Spotify Apple music man your band camp
SoundCloud he's think well what's the
big deal as soon as you leave the Wi-Fi
that's it you can't use them anymore huh
but here's how that storage is awesome
you can just download straight to it you
can take all of your Spotify music with
you offline and sound quality wise I
think it sounds great
and the fact that this has bluetooth
it'll talk to the sexy speaker perfectly
power on Bluetooth mode oh yeah you know
you don't have to moderate like this one
one thing that people said that they
really didn't want was iOS you know I
can understand you know if you're using
iOS on your phone that's a little bit
different because your phone runs a
really important part of your life but
let me tell you a software for an iPod
iOS is amazing why for instance people
like oh yeah be good if I had like the
fun little games in there look at here
comes phallic gun that looks like
something I can't describe use your own
imagination for brick action truthfully
this actually controls pretty terrible
it's for the time it was genius oh don't
mind me I'm just playing voice city on
my ipod it runs great this thing is so
overpowered for what it is jump man
yeah sure you maybe you don't want to
play the entire game on this but if
you're killing time and a game of break
was tempting I'm pretty sure screwing
around on Vice City for half an hour who
totally suffice if you're just wanting
to kill the time and be dumb like happy
wheels on your iPod this is genius go
dad go oh we lost the kid I have
rollercoaster tycoon
I'm serious in terms of being a time
killer it is amazing it's got GarageBand
and like iMovie and such like these are
genuinely super fun apps it's good a
dingus camera inner that does 1080 you
could make movies on this and even make
all the music all inbuilt onto this I
need to do that one day actually that's
totally my jam but the big one for me is
I bought these for the Bluetooth iPod
video and I was pretty bummed when it
didn't work because I didn't really want
a pair of this I knew you guys would
want to see if the pros work not the
standard air pods so I actually sold my
Apple watch to get these and yeah it
didn't work too good a fun tip if you
want a genuine iPod that works with air
pod pros get a 7th gen Nano they work
perfectly it pairs up all that good
stuff but this is better than that this
does the full sync you know so I gave a
few reasons why an offline device is
handy it could be a big plane journey
you could be going out camping in the
middle of nowhere and just having this
little pocketable video player but I
know I feel you guys are going like 256
gigs you know big deal you made the one
terabyte iPod and that will smash all
over this hey you know never minding how
slow and unreliable this can be a time
specially when you load them up right to
the brim but what I want to do is show
you just how much 256 gigs really is I
have 20 and a half thousand songs on the
device and just to give you a vibe on
how much that is then
we have to see still going look how far
we've got to go you know you get it you
know I showed the same thing the last
video I love pressing that home button
by the way so you got oh that's super
cool man that means you're all full of
music then no look VLC what are all
these these are my flax that's right
when I said what kind of high pop
classic would you want people say pen it
should be able to do flax this can play
flax being able to play flax out of my a
kgs yeah straight out of this with the
peace and quiet of knowing that no one's
gonna freakin call me so at about two
hundred and fifty flax in here on by the
way you can just airdrop videos straight
into this and straight into VLC player
without using iTunes so you're thinking
all right well that's it that's your 256
gigs M right that's a lot of flats no
I've got about 200 songs downloaded in
Spotify I have 226 videos downloaded off
YouTube oh let's just mosey into Disney
Plus here are 12 episodes of The
Simpsons every episode the mandalorian
we've got all the Star Wars on there and
you know I'll add them just for good
measure really so surely you think it's
full by now
nah oh look my neighbor totoro and
spirited away and the whole first season
are Brooklyn nine-nine and every single
episode are disenchanted and Pokemon
detective just for good measure really
surely it's full by now this is also
including all these games I have goat
simulator on this it loads so fast I
mean again if you thought like playing
brick on an iPod was a fun time killer
while listening to music don't get me
started on friggin goat simulator Vice
City you know raucous tycoon you can get
save sex on this it'll play for tonight
yeah and that's including its even what
GarageBand iMovie are you impressed with
how much do you know that's on top of
the 27,000 songs on this thing and all
the flax there and yes you can see that
this is on the internet but I've turned
off the internet just to prove to you
completely offline I can't play more
than that otherwise Disney will come and
kill me do you want to know the real
punchline to all this I still have 51
gigs left the thickest fifth gen iPod
you can get with 60 gigs and I only have
one of them left over is spare look how
thin this thing is getting into a big
chopper that people brought up they want
a high-quality DAC in it which is you
know the the thing that makes the
music I think it sounds fine coming out
of them these honestly I love how these
sound these are powered headphones but I
get it you know you want something extra
I don't know if you've heard of Pheo
they make flak players look at this it
looks like an iPod that's why I haven't
it's got a spinning gear this will get a
video at some point microSD plays flex
but they cut their teeth making portable
amplifiers and they have come out with
the I one lightning connector in not
only do you have volume adjustment and a
microphone by the way so that way you're
listening with your lovely audiophile
headphones and you can still take phone
calls you know this is if you're using
in your smartphone I don't want any of
that but this is a DAC it's got a chip
in there and let me tell you it sounds
better but keep in mind this is an
accessory on top of already nice
headphones you are not gonna pick up the
differences you know rocking a set of
dirty buds like this and those of us you
like to use your phones you know for
Spotify not school stuff there you go
you get your headphone jack back but
bonus you get a DAC as well it does
shorten battery life a little bit it's
it's worth it I really love this thing
something else someone said was they'd
like to see more accessibility options
here so if their eyesight isn't so good
they can make the text different or you
know different swipe gestures and such
the amount of stuff that you can adjust
he is amazing the text size the
magnifier you can make the motion go
away if you find all the the swishy
graphics very you know kind of
distracting you can have it describe
things automatically you can ask the
home button to do specific things you
can use as the remote for the Apple TV
you can beam videos to like a ps4 or a
smart telly this is the remote in my
house by the way and we're mates come
over to laugh at YouTube videos I just
pass this around and you can just type
in the YouTube video find the thumbnail
and send it to the TV I friggin love
this iPod you can set this thing up
exactly how you want to be so as I said
I like to have the privacy of that no
one's gonna message me on my content
player so it's set up to have no
iMessage no email look down on the dock
it's just Spotify and Apple music a
little thing that people ask for it's a
really small detail but a speaker I
wouldn't want to listen to music through
or SHANY
good ipod needs to have a talk and this
is no exception
app
makes one it's even in matching gold and
cuter Apple you know you can get this in
blue pink red I pick gold because I'm
gonna bear back this baby and I want to
see the silverware through the gold
it almost looks airy the way it just
hangs in there it's got headphone our so
a couple USB adapters so you've got
everything being charged at all times
this little setup with these headphones
on a desk look at that tiny footprint
this is an awesome study desk set up
whatever you call it I look out and to
address the elephant the room so many of
you guys want to keep the click wheel
and that saddens me because that means
you didn't watch my Wikipedia episode
where I tried to write the word
president it took so long and maybe
brick and phallic gun a fun with the
click wheel
yeah means you didn't watch me try and
play Doom would be click wheel it stinks
and take it from the owner of an iPod
YouTube channel I love the click wheel
when it's within its comfort zone as
soon as you outside of it it just
doesn't work anymore
and the last thing discuss is the price
four hundred US bucks for a 256 gig iPod
Touch ad to me that was $600 e dues
that's a lot of money I really had to
stop and think about it using the
wayback machine looking at 2003 the 40
gig third gen iPod was over $1000 e dues
not even adjusting for inflation or any
apps or stuff what other 256 gig iOS
devices Apple make well the next
cheapest is an iPad Mini I think the
next one after that is an iPhone 11 and
that's the only way to get 256 gigs
storage on iOS and I know you're all
rolling your eyes in the back of your
head fast and you can say everybody ever
the fact that I'm comparing other Apple
products and pricing to this yeah I get
it and annoyingly that's how all iPods
have always been you know this screen is
awesome it's way better than an iPod
needs to be and I love the small size
it's the perfect one-hand device just go
like this
it's 100% totally up to date you can
sync it with the same library as a first
gen using iOS is endlessly expandable
you can load it up with all your
favorite movies and songs from your
favorite streaming services to play
offline later it is ridiculously thin
and light and it is super well built
this thing is super nice and like a true
Apple product there's going to be
bunches of you're saying hey I
like that I want one of them and whole
pile you're going I absolutely friggin
hate it I can't believe this thing even
exists oh one more thing
I got sponsored well I'm actually blown
away and it's actually a huge help yeah
I work as an entertainer and you know
with all the stuff going on worldwide
you know no one's putting on gigs or
weddings or anything anymore you know so
they have a sponsor jump in and want to
be partnered up the theme of this
episode was privacy the fact that no one
can call you on a dungus ipod and the
sponsor is expressvpn as an Aussie you
know like there's so much content that
is not available to us one of my
favorite auto networks has v8 supercars
on it which is the Aussie racing series
back when it was fun before we stopped
making cars and for some reason it is
not available in my country an
Australian thing not available in my
country man we're warm to vpns down here
because that allows us to watch this
stuff because usually we're paying the
same price as you guys but then we get
this nerfed experience because some jerk
owns all the content doesn't want to
hand it out to us and a VPN is a bit
like having a lock on your bedroom
doesn't mean you're doing weird stuff in
there you know it's just nice to have
your privacy we're totally doing weird
stuff in there but because this runs iOS
it has a VPN there's nothing more fun
that to use this offline and have a
private device but even when I'm
connected it's still a private device
expressvpn sit in the middle you know
see it's coming out of Adelaide but the
signal seems like it's coming from
Sydney you know it's private you know
people can't see what you're up to
I think Facebook's kind of shown us how
little they care for our personal Tata
if you sign up for 12 months they'll
give you three months for free three
months of private track means I mean do
we dare that aren't sort of close to the
Sun and if you're worried about the
overheads of a VPN slowing down your
daily internetting you've got 30 day
money-back guarantee I mean this is your
chance to go and try out a VPN and see
if it's right for you expressvpn com4
slash dag pods links down below even
just clicking and looking around you'll
be helping me out so thank you so much
Express and thank you guys I know the
world's nuts at the moment but stay safe
and I'll see y'all next time
[Music]